you must play if you don't play and then
I can occur no one can because if you
don't play too much and then mechanical
company but you must play too much soda
conical ah
Oh
renegotiate us with you
so you must pray so hard hat hat so when
the gonna come becomes he can't recall
house
what please protect ours because it's
kinda kinda comes break the house and
then what must be - because I don't want
to connect and I was pregnant with the
police come and it's my mother so I
don't want to demolish my house no monk
as he says there's no court order to
this today there is no cut entity so the
court order they're implementing one
case is the h o jrz what is your name
how old are you Tris five five yes thank
you Chris thank you very much we will
all three very heart and hope that
nothing will happen back to your house
okay